The 2014 Formula One season was the 65th season of the Formula One World Championship, a motor racing championship for Formula One cars which is recognised by the sport's governing body, the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), as the highest class of competition for open-wheel racing cars. The season started in Australia on 16 March and concluded in Abu Dhabi on 23 November. In the nineteen Grands Prix of the season a total of eleven teams and twenty-four drivers competed for the World Drivers' and World Constructors' Championships. In 2014, the championship saw the introduction of a revised engine formula, in which the 2.4 litre V8 engine configuration—previously used between 2006 and 2013—has been replaced with a new formula specifying a 1.6 litre turbocharged V6 engine that incorporates an energy recovery system into its build. The 2014 calendar features substantial revisions from the 2013 season; the Russian Grand Prix was held for the first time in a century at the Sochi Autodrom in Sochi, and the Austrian Grand Prix was revived, with the race held at the Red Bull Ring in Spielberg. The Indian Grand Prix was put on hiatus, whilst the Korean Grand Prix was removed from the schedule entirely. China attempted to prevent Beijing's frequent smog from occurring during the meeting through various measures, including limiting driving and closing down factories in Beijing and the surrounding province of Hebei. The air was clear towards the beginning of the APEC week, but was predicted to be somewhat smoggy during the summit itself. The efforts created somewhat of a backlash among internet users, with the phrase "APEC blue" being coined to satirically refer to something fleeting. Beijing banned subway riders from wearing Halloween costumes ahead of the event, citing public order concerns. is a multilingual, web-based, free-content encyclopedia project supported by the Wikimedia Foundation and based on an openly editable model. The name "Wikipedia" is a portmanteau of the words wiki (a technology for creating collaborative websites, from the Hawaiian word wiki, meaning "quick") and encyclopedia. Wikipedia's articles provide links designed to guide the user to related pages with additional information. Wikipedia is written collaboratively by largely anonymous Internet volunteers who write without pay. Anyone with Internet access can write and make changes to Wikipedia articles, except in limited cases where editing is restricted to prevent disruption or vandalism. Users can contribute anonymously, under a pseudonym, or, if they choose to, with their real identity. People of all ages, cultures and backgrounds can add or edit article prose, references, images and other media here. What is contributed is more important than the expertise or qualifications of the contributor. What will remain depends upon whether the content is free of copyright restrictions and contentious material about living people, and whether it fits within Wikipedia's policies, including being verifiable against a published reliable source, thereby excluding editors' opinions and beliefs and unreviewed research. Contributions cannot damage Wikipedia because the software allows easy reversal of mistakes and many experienced editors are watching to help ensure that edits are cumulative improvements. Begin by simply clicking the Edit link at the top of any editable page!